

somato
The MNE-somato-data-bids dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2.0 by Lauri
Parkkonen. This report was generated with MNE-BIDS
(https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There are 1 subjects.  The sex of the
subjects are 1 males and 0 females. The handedness of the subjects are all
unknown. The ages of the subjects are all unknown. Data was acquired using a MEG
system (Elekta manufacturer) with line noise at 50 Hz. There are 1 total scans,
316.0 +/- 0.0 total recording channels per scan (316.0 +/- 0.0 are used and 0.0
+/- 0.0 are removed from analysis). The dataset lengths range from 897.08 to
897.08 seconds, for a total of 897.08 seconds of data recorded over all scans
(897.08 +/- 0.0).

epilepsy
This dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2.2 by MNE-BIDS. This report was
generated with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There are 102
subjects. The dataset consists of 4 recording sessions postsurgery, presurgery,
seizure, and veeg. The sex of the subjects are 48 males and 45 females. The
handedness of the subjects are 75 right hand, 12 left hand and 0 ambidextrous.
The ages of the subjects are all unknown. Data was acquired using a IEEG system
with line noise at 60 Hz. There are 570 total scans, 167.77 +/- 40.17 total
recording channels per scan (103.02 +/- 32.97 are used and 64.75 +/- 32.89 are
removed from analysis). The dataset lengths range from 20.4 to 1266.05 seconds,
for a total of 227716.71 seconds of data recorded over all scans (399.5 +/-
190.5).

ds001779-1.0.2
The Epileptogenicity tutorial dataset was created with BIDS version 1.1.0 by
Francois Tadel, Olivier David,  Thomas Blauwblomme , Anne-Sophie Job , Stéphan
Chabardès, Dominique Hoffmann,  Lorella Minotti, and Philippe Kahane. This
report was generated with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There
are 1 subjects. The dataset consists of 2 recording sessions postimp, and pre.
The sex of the subjects are 0 males and 0 females. The handedness of the
subjects are all unknown. The ages of the subjects are all unknown. Data was
acquired using a IEEG system (Micromed manufacturer) with line noise at 50 Hz.
There are 3 total scans, 128.0 +/- 0.0 total recording channels per scan (126.0
+/- 0.0 are used and 2.0 +/- 0.0 are removed from analysis). The dataset lengths
range from 255.92 to 560.42 seconds, for a total of 1154.98 seconds of data
recorded over all scans (384.99 +/- 128.56).

ds002778-1.0.1
The UC San Diego Resting State EEG Data from Patients with Parkinson's Disease
dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2.2 by Alexander P. Rockhill, Nicko
Jackson, Jobi George, Adam Aron, and Nicole C. Swann. This report was generated
with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There are 31 subjects. The
dataset consists of 3 recording sessions hc, off, and on. The sex of the
subjects are all unknown. The handedness of the subjects are 0 right hand, 0
left hand and 0 ambidextrous. The ages of the subjects are 47.0 to 82.0 (63.39
+/- 8.69). Data was acquired using a EEG system (Biosemi manufacturer) with line
noise at 50, and 60 Hz. There are 46 total scans, 41.0 +/- 0.0 total recording
channels per scan (41.0 +/- 0.0 are used and 0.0 +/- 0.0 are removed from
analysis). The dataset lengths range from 181.0 to 292.0 seconds, for a total of
9063.91 seconds of data recorded over all scans (197.04 +/- 21.43).

ds002904-1.0.0
The Brainstorm Tutorial ECoG/sEEG dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2.0 by
Francois Tadel, Marcel Heers, and Andreas Schulze-Bonhage. This report was
generated with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There are 1
subjects. The dataset consists of 3 recording sessions postimp, postop, and
preimp. The sex of the subjects are 0 males and 0 females. The handedness of the
subjects are all unknown. The ages of the subjects are 38.0 to 38.0 (38.0 +/-
0.0). Data was acquired using a IEEG system (Neurofile NT manufacturer) with
line noise at 50 Hz. There are 1 total scans, 97.0 +/- 0.0 total recording
channels per scan (97.0 +/- 0.0 are used and 0.0 +/- 0.0 are removed from
analysis). The dataset lengths range from 3600 to 3600 seconds, for a total of
3600 seconds of data recorded over all scans (3600.0 +/- 0.0).

ds000117-master
The Multisubject, multimodal face processing dataset was created with BIDS
version 1.0.2 by Wakeman, DG, and Henson, RN. This report was generated with
MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There are 16 subjects. The
dataset consists of 2 recording sessions meg, and mri. The sex of the subjects
are 9 males and 7 females. The handedness of the subjects are all unknown. The
ages of the subjects are 23.0 to 31.0 (26.38 +/- 2.76; 1 with unknown age). Data
was acquired using a MEG system (Elekta/Neuromag manufacturer) with line noise
at 50 Hz using filters ({'SpatialCompensation': {'None': []}}). There are 104
total scans, 404.0 +/- 0.0 total recording channels per scan (404.0 +/- 0.0 are
used and 0.0 +/- 0.0 are removed from analysis).

ds000246-master
The MEG-BIDS Brainstorm data sample dataset was created with BIDS version 1.0.2
by Elizabeth Bock, Peter Donhauser, Francois Tadel, Guiomar Niso, and Sylvain
Baillet. This report was generated with MNE-BIDS
(https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There are 1 subjects.  The sex of the
subjects are all unknown. The handedness of the subjects are all unknown. The
ages of the subjects are 25.0 to 25.0 (25.0 +/- 0.0; 1 with unknown age). Data
was acquired using a MEG system (CTF manufacturer) with line noise at 60 Hz
using filters ({'SpatialCompensation': {'GradientOrder': '3rd'}}). There are 3
total scans, 340.0 +/- 0.0 total recording channels per scan (340.0 +/- 0.0 are
used and 0.0 +/- 0.0 are removed from analysis). The dataset lengths range from
360 to 360 seconds, for a total of 720 seconds of data recorded over all scans
(360.0 +/- 0.0).

ds000248-master
The ds000248 dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2 by Alexandre Gramfort,
and Matti S Hämäläinen. This report was generated with MNE-BIDS
(https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There are 1 subjects.  Data was acquired
using a MEG system (Elekta manufacturer) with line noise at 60 Hz. There are 1
total scans, 376.0 +/- 0.0 total recording channels per scan (374.0 +/- 0.0 are
used and 2.0 +/- 0.0 are removed from analysis).

ds001810-master
The EEG study of the attentional blink; before, during, and after transcranial
Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) dataset was created with BIDS version
v1.2.0-dev by Leon C. Reteig, Lionel A. Newman, K. Richard Ridderinkhof, and
Heleen A. Slagter. This report was generated with MNE-BIDS
(https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There are 47 subjects. The dataset
consists of 6 recording sessions anodalpost, anodalpre, anodaltDCS,
cathodalpost, cathodalpre, and cathodaltDCS. The sex of the subjects are all
unknown. The handedness of the subjects are all unknown. The ages of the
subjects are 18.0 to 28.0 (20.85 +/- 2.36; 6 with unknown age).

ds001971-master
The Audiocue walking study dataset was created with BIDS version v1.2.0 by
Johanna Wagner, Ramon Martinez-Cancino, Scott Makeig, Arnaud Delorme, Christa
Neuper, Teodoro Solis-Escalante, and Gernot Mueller-Putz. This report was
generated with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). There are 20
subjects.  The sex of the subjects are 11 males and 9 females. The handedness of
the subjects are all unknown. The ages of the subjects are all unknown.