

somato
The MNE-somato-data-bids dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2.0 by Lauri
Parkkonen. This report was generated with MNE-BIDS
(https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset consists of 1 subjects and
The sex of the subjects comprised of 1 males and 0 females. The handedness of
the subjects were all unknown. The ages of the subjects all unknown. Data was
recorded using a MEG system (Elekta manufacturer) sampled at 300.31 Hz with line
noise at 50 Hz. There was 1 scan in total. Recording durations ranged from
897.08 to 897.08 seconds (mean = 897.08, std = 0.0), for a total of 897.08
seconds of data recorded over all scans. For each dataset, there were on average
316.0 (std = 0.0) recording channels per scan, out of which 316.0 (std = 0.0)
were used in analysis (0.0 +/- 0.0 were removed from analysis).

epilepsy
This dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2.2 by MNE-BIDS. This report was
generated with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset
consists of 102 subjects and 2 recording sessions: postsurgery, and presurgery.
The sex of the subjects comprised of 48 males and 45 females. The handedness of
the subjects comprised of 75 right hand, 12 left hand and 0 ambidextrous. The
ages of the subjects all unknown. Data was recorded using a IEEG system sampled
at 499.71, 1000.0, 1998.82, 1024.6, 999.41, 2000.0, and 249.85 Hz with line
noise at 60 Hz. There were 570 scans in total. Recording durations ranged from
20.4 to 1266.05 seconds (mean = 399.5, std = 190.5), for a total of 227716.71
seconds of data recorded over all scans. For each dataset, there were on average
167.77 (std = 40.17) recording channels per scan, out of which 103.02 (std =
32.97) were used in analysis (64.75 +/- 32.89 were removed from analysis).

ds001779-1.0.2
The Epileptogenicity tutorial dataset was created with BIDS version 1.1.0 by
Francois Tadel, Olivier David, Thomas Blauwblomme , Anne-Sophie Job , Stéphan
Chabardès, Dominique Hoffmann, Lorella Minotti, and Philippe Kahane. This report
was generated with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset
consists of 1 subjects and 2 recording sessions: postimp, and pre. The sex of
the subjects comprised of 0 males and 0 females. The handedness of the subjects
were all unknown. The ages of the subjects all unknown. Data was recorded using
a IEEG system (Micromed manufacturer) sampled at 512 Hz with line noise at 50
Hz. There were 3 scans in total. Recording durations ranged from 255.92 to
560.42 seconds (mean = 384.99, std = 128.56), for a total of 1154.98 seconds of
data recorded over all scans. For each dataset, there were on average 128.0 (std
= 0.0) recording channels per scan, out of which 126.0 (std = 0.0) were used in
analysis (2.0 +/- 0.0 were removed from analysis).

ds002778-1.0.1
The UC San Diego Resting State EEG Data from Patients with Parkinson's Disease
dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2.2 by Alexander P. Rockhill, Nicko
Jackson, Jobi George, Adam Aron, and Nicole C. Swann. This report was generated
with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset consists of 31
subjects and 3 recording sessions: hc, off, and on. The sex of the subjects were
all unknown. The handedness of the subjects comprised of 0 right hand, 0 left
hand and 0 ambidextrous. The ages of the subjects ranged from 47.0 to 82.0 (mean
= 63.39, std = 8.69). Data was recorded using a EEG system (Biosemi
manufacturer) sampled at 512.0 Hz with line noise at 60, and 50 Hz. There were
46 scans in total. Recording durations ranged from 181.0 to 292.0 seconds (mean
= 197.04, std = 21.43), for a total of 9063.91 seconds of data recorded over all
scans. For each dataset, there were on average 41.0 (std = 0.0) recording
channels per scan, out of which 41.0 (std = 0.0) were used in analysis (0.0 +/-
0.0 were removed from analysis).

ds002904-1.0.0
The Brainstorm Tutorial ECoG/sEEG dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2.0 by
Francois Tadel, Marcel Heers, and Andreas Schulze-Bonhage. This report was
generated with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset
consists of 1 subjects and 3 recording sessions: postimp, postop, and preimp.
The sex of the subjects comprised of 0 males and 0 females. The handedness of
the subjects were all unknown. The ages of the subjects ranged from 38.0 to 38.0
(mean = 38.0, std = 0.0). Data was recorded using a IEEG system (Neurofile NT
manufacturer) sampled at 1024 Hz with line noise at 50 Hz. There was 1 scan in
total. Recording durations ranged from 3600 to 3600 seconds (mean = 3600.0, std
= 0.0), for a total of 3600 seconds of data recorded over all scans. For each
dataset, there were on average 97.0 (std = 0.0) recording channels per scan, out
of which 97.0 (std = 0.0) were used in analysis (0.0 +/- 0.0 were removed from
analysis).

ds000117-master
The Multisubject, multimodal face processing dataset was created with BIDS
version 1.0.2 by Wakeman, DG, and Henson, RN. This report was generated with
MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset consists of 16
subjects and 2 recording sessions: meg, and mri. The sex of the subjects
comprised of 9 males and 7 females. The handedness of the subjects were all
unknown. The ages of the subjects ranged from 23.0 to 31.0 (mean = 26.38, std =
2.76; 1 with unknown age). Data was recorded using a MEG system (Elekta/Neuromag
manufacturer) sampled at 1100 Hz with line noise at 50 Hz using
SpatialCompensation. There were 104 scans in total.  For each dataset, there
were on average 404.0 (std = 0.0) recording channels per scan, out of which
404.0 (std = 0.0) were used in analysis (0.0 +/- 0.0 were removed from
analysis).

ds000246-master
The MEG-BIDS Brainstorm data sample dataset was created with BIDS version 1.0.2
by Elizabeth Bock, Peter Donhauser, Francois Tadel, Guiomar Niso, and Sylvain
Baillet. This report was generated with MNE-BIDS
(https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset consists of 1 subjects and
The sex of the subjects were all unknown. The handedness of the subjects were
all unknown. The ages of the subjects ranged from 25.0 to 25.0 (mean = 25.0, std
= 0.0; 1 with unknown age). Data was recorded using a MEG system (CTF
manufacturer) sampled at 2400 Hz with line noise at 60 Hz using
SpatialCompensation with parameters 3rd GradientOrder. There were 3 scans in
total. Recording durations ranged from 360 to 360 seconds (mean = 360.0, std =
0.0), for a total of 720 seconds of data recorded over all scans. For each
dataset, there were on average 340.0 (std = 0.0) recording channels per scan,
out of which 340.0 (std = 0.0) were used in analysis (0.0 +/- 0.0 were removed
from analysis).

ds000248-master
The ds000248 dataset was created with BIDS version 1.2 by Alexandre Gramfort,
and Matti S Hämäläinen. This report was generated with MNE-BIDS
(https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset consists of 1 subjects and
Data was recorded using a MEG system (Elekta manufacturer) sampled at 600.61 Hz
with line noise at 60 Hz. There was 1 scan in total. For each dataset, there
were on average 376.0 (std = 0.0) recording channels per scan, out of which
374.0 (std = 0.0) were used in analysis (2.0 +/- 0.0 were removed from
analysis).

ds001810-master
The EEG study of the attentional blink; before, during, and after transcranial
Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) dataset was created with BIDS version
v1.2.0-dev by Leon C. Reteig, Lionel A. Newman, K. Richard Ridderinkhof, and
Heleen A. Slagter. This report was generated with MNE-BIDS
(https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset consists of 47 subjects and 6
recording sessions: anodalpost, anodalpre, anodaltDCS, cathodalpost,
cathodalpre, and cathodaltDCS. The sex of the subjects were all unknown. The
handedness of the subjects were all unknown. The ages of the subjects ranged
from 18.0 to 28.0 (mean = 20.85, std = 2.36; 6 with unknown age).

ds001971-master
The Audiocue walking study dataset was created with BIDS version v1.2.0 by
Johanna Wagner, Ramon Martinez-Cancino, Scott Makeig, Arnaud Delorme, Christa
Neuper, Teodoro Solis-Escalante, and Gernot Mueller-Putz. This report was
generated with MNE-BIDS (https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01896). The dataset
consists of 20 subjects and The sex of the subjects comprised of 11 males and 9
females. The handedness of the subjects were all unknown. The ages of the
subjects all unknown.